Meetings
0830 - Starting checklist
1000 - Met up with [[jamie-gabriel]] for catchup
1130 - Meeting with [[👤 Jacquelyn Abbott]] about [[Grants Management System]]. Process for User: Jacquie and Leighna use the Grants Extracts for analysis (Grants Pipeline Version 1), check the outputs are the same as the SQL scripts.
End user signs up for an account, if eligible they get one.
Fill in their details into the system.
Make an APPLICATION for a given ROUND. ROUNDS are time based and examples are fellowship round, TPG, travel grants.
If an APPLICATION is successful it is then converted into a PROJECT. PROJECTS will show various levels of funds that they receive, PROJECTs can have different status’s that are worded different to APPLICATIONS. The PROJECT amount shows the total amount of funding they will receive.
1300 - Sprint standup
Josh doing paperwork to get things approved to push it to PROD. CAB processes from the databases.
1630 - Finishing checklist
Tasks
A - Do this
B - Do that
C - Do other
Finishing Checklist
Write down anything outstanding you need to finish for the next day (block that in calendar)
Notes
[[👤 Jacquelyn Abbott]] gave access to GMS
Hi PhillipFollowing up from our meeting just now, I have created a user account for you in the GMS UAT system.Sign in with your email as the user name, and password is GMSisfun1.!The home screen is very empty compared to what I had – this is the back end, and what we see as system administrators.I’ve set up an Application tile and Project tile if you need to access either quickly.If you go to the Red Button in the top left hand corner and select Grants Management System, that will take you to what the applicant sees.You’ll see there are numerous grant rounds available – out of these, SRI owns the Career Development Fellowship, Translational Program Grant, and Travel Grant applications.You can create new applications if you need to run through what is on the forms.Let me know if you require any further info.Kind Regards,Jacqui
