- [[dataset-epath]]
	- The one XML file contained all cases [[chau-minh-bui]] was talking about. Wrote a function to read in the XML file and found these values, can we combine-hash to create a person id? or use Medicare as person id? First read of data is long with an ID (SourceDocID), Key (FieldName), Value (DocValue) system with is called into a df. We then make this long DF wide where FieldName becomes the columns and the Value become the values for each SourceID. From that the vars can be seen below:
	  names(finalDf) [1] "SourceDocID"                                 "ATSI Indigenous Status"                      [3] "Address"                                     "Admission Date"                              [5] "Country of Birth"                            "Date of Birth"                               [7] "Definitive Morphology at First Presentation" "Diagnosis Date"                              [9] "Given Name (i)"                              "Medicare Number"                            [11] "Morphology of Cancer Code Version"           "Name of pathology laboratory"               [13] "Notifying Facility Code"                     "Perineural invasion"                        [15] "Postcode"                                    "Primary Site"                               [17] "Primary Site of Cancer Code version"         "Seperation Status"                          [19] "Sex"                                         "State"                                      [21] "Suburb"                                      "Surname"                                    [23] "Laterality"                                  "T Stage"                                    [25] "Lymphovascular Invasion"                     "Given Name (ii)"                            [27] "M Stage"                                     "N Stage"                                    [29] "Oestrogen receptor status"                   "Progesterone receptor status"               [31] "PSA Score"                                   "Gleason Grade at Radical Prostatectomy"   
	  Email from Chau
	  Hi Phil,I saved an Aggregated Abrevio Export XML file of all the SCC reports. H:\Restricted Share\NSWCR Identified Data\Chau\009 SCC\002 Data\AAE-0000063-20250225152916.xmlYou could use that for now whilst we wait for Inspirata to fix Abrevio bugs. It has some of the variables mentioned yesterday e.g. DOB, Sex, Postcode.Chau 
	  https://statics.teams.cdn.office.net/evergreen-assets/safelinks/1/atp-safelinks.html Person -> GP -> path -> cancer inst if melanoma it goes in, else goes out Path fills out digital form -> abrevio -> xml -> file drives Also a cell in a db for storage of all the data scc was deliberately filtered out We do not have acess to registry but the database Chau did a search/filter for carcionma of the skin and scc/ NSWCR can display the Abrevio form in a neater format. what we want to do: create our own scc registry age sex postcode dob hist of the patient get person, case, episode (where pathlab was) case level table 8000 rows how do we get the data?? we can practice on the 8000 do we read in the xml or do we wait for the update to have the data tables so we can pull. get raw daya and then create analytics ads incidence by postcode for scc