#definition

- # Data Lakehouse
- Now you know the difference between a data lake vs. a data warehouse. But what's the difference between a data lake and a data lakehouse? And is it necessary to have both?
- Despite its many advantages, a traditional data lake is not without its drawbacks. Because data lakes can accommodate all types of data from all kinds of sources, issues related to quality control, data corruption, and improper partitioning can occur. A poorly managed data lake not only tarnishes data integrity, but it can also lead to bottlenecks, slow performance, and security risks.
- That's where the data lakehouse comes into play. A data lakehouse is an open standards-based storage solution that is multifaceted in nature. It can address the needs of data scientists and engineers who conduct deep data analysis and processing, as well as the needs of traditional data warehouse professionals who curate and publish data for business intelligence and reporting purposes. The beauty of the lakehouse is that each workload can seamlessly operate on top of the data lake without having to duplicate the data into another structurally predefined [database](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/cloud-computing-dictionary/what-are-databases/). This ensures that everyone is working on the most up-to-date data, while also reducing redundancies.
- Data lakehouses address the challenges of traditional data lakes by adding a [Delta Lake storage layer](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2240403) directly on top of the cloud data lake. The storage layer provides a flexible analytic architecture that can handle ACID (atomicity, consistency, isolation, and durability) transactions for data reliability, streaming integrations, and advanced features like data versioning and schema enforcement. This allows for a range of analytic activity over the lake, all without compromising core data consistency. While the necessity of a lakehouse depends on how complex your needs are, its flexibility and range make it an optimal solution for many enterprise orgs.
